Chris stop stop watching so much TV no I
got to sit you're just watching weird
Quizno ads on Loop I know they got the
they got the Peppa bar man stop stop
stop I got the PE I don't have to stop
you in my penny faring tank is that what
the old bicycle was called you say penny
far thing with the big old thing B fart
smell like pennies too Penny F thing
it's it's like timee of a bicycle take
this you fiend why does your bike have a
gun well it's actually a tank I'm sure
some tank n are going to come tell us
what kind of tank it is well I know it's
oh I broke it and then we'll tank them
it broke my face oh
man oh it's kind of an improvement on
your face oh no I'm fine I was just
hiding in there cowering if you will
like a man um you know I'm still
watching TV up here man you're like you
family man stop oh I'm I've even got the
closer now the TV attacked you look at
that I'm a relaxing man I got a chair
shouldn't be watching TV with this fire
next oh I'm closed her now thanks
everything is doe is making it better
for me dang it reverse engine try again
ah
no JT not again all right
charge he yes
Chris oh pretty a TV oh I got exploded P
your TV save you now maybe put on put on
house I'm Dr house I gu just got got
crushed by a big dumb tank in a building
I know how to shve him it's lupus L this
is the lesson don't watch TV it RS your
brain watch YouTube instead we also R
your brain but look look at that
spin oh oh no oh man that was violent oh
God man all over the carpet I remember
eating
$17 that's okay as per usual I think
anytime we use any vehicle this game we
just immediately get bored and strap a
bunch of rockets to it sponsored by this
video this shut up this video is
sponsored by strapping rockets and
things don't do it unless your name is
me not me but me you know do you know I
don't know I don't know nothing is that
what you want to hear a little oh okay
oh yeah that looks fine light the
Rockets oh is it
rocket it's oh just oh man it's fine
it's fine everything's fine everything's
cool Co man a cucumber on cool as a cuc
oh oh no longer a cucumber my volleyball
collection no why did you attack your
own house well that guy's bowling ball
Qui he's mine look at him but no they're
right there I'm
here poor Dawn knuts oh say can you see
why the dawns
are I go I'm I okay whose blue blood is
this be someone else is Hospital Che
Chris I dare you to walk towards me all
right man you got cool eye Trails look
at you go yeah coming at look at me
coming out of your eyebrows look into my
eyes like your eyebrows farting little
blue ghosts at me again you want to give
me $17 don't have $17 oh my eye trails
are in my head I want the
loser wa W you're doing cool stuff you
just drew a c because you're a c the SE
is for me the SE is for science not me
but but me we
I draw the sea as well look at you go
look at them Loops baby man I'm so good
oh yeah now I got to land like a cool
guy I'm
landing I mean I thought it was
cool get longer when we get SL super
slow
motion oh oh boy I overdid it oh boy
abored when I sort of z h well your hat
is like a shooting
star baby you're
you work you're a super bill hat oh it's
still going wow When You Wish Upon a hat
seea punches you with a bat I love it
yeah keep singing it man you don't sound
dumb I'm out of Rhymes oh I was kidding
you sounded dumb um hey when I called
you dumb I didn't mean
it the shark would take the P away pain
now it gave more pain a lot of pain well
to you I don't don't cares that's fine
so much pain oh yeah oh I like the look
of that I like the look oh D it'sing me
yeah M you're going to go down then on
my Australian get it good day he broke
it oh can we not pick it up I did pick
it up pick it
up shotgun in it Cy stop being
Australian you just got hit by a hammer
nobody asked for this
and no
[Laughter]
hit you the shotgun got you
first oh dang this is no not the Bread
Basket that that was the worst thing
I've ever done why little shotgun shells
come out of
it like this the Man of Steel more like
man of D hit him in the Bread Basket a
his one weakness a shot the someone tell
John Luther come here come I am the noob
from Roblox he
got where'd he go I don't know where am
I have I gone he like grabbed it and
then just
teleported yeah I think he went back to
Roblox yay there's no way it can work
against Bruce
Banner he turns into the hul after he
dies like ah sorry I was late did I miss
it
oh that was amazing what if he turns
into the Hulk and then we hit him with
it oh I'm the Hulk you H meang
dang use your words use words I use
words hit him with a shotgun
Hammer dang he did it basket As a treat
you get to eat a
Chris I don't like this at all man is
this crappy I don't like to hul I'm
supposed to eat my greens they're not
supposed to eat me that's pretty
good yeah well done oh yeah thank thank
you no I'm not spping his butt stop
faking me he's clapping John I swear to
God every time I every time I clap he
makes me slap Chris's
butt do it John check it out Chris yeah
oh look somebody finally shorter than
you do you like my little doll yeah said
you should you should inspect it real
close look at it look into its eyes look
it smells it smells like ouch yes oh it
smells like ouch you say yeah it smells
like ouch how interesting that you think
that oh oh ow some hey hey what's that
what's happening ow ow ow ow ow ow
ow ow yes ow stop it
ow get out of here stop the so much ow
ow ohow my foot
o he's got me he's mad at me give him
the
DDT
yeah it that's it chrisy I dance on
you how is this different than
normal oh you sted your toe again like
an idiot how do you like that huh wait
tie the doll to like a rocket and send
it into the well I think it's only
impact see see how you're not floating
around oops what happens if you strap a
bomb to it well it'll probably explode
yeah do that how you doing Chris yeah
just put me out of my misery man just
strap a bomb to that there doll you're a
doll over there and see what happens
and I might have been standing a little
too close to that hold on I can I okay
we can we this is fine everything's fine
bonees connected to the chest bone the
chest bone conect it's fine okay well
here's what we're going to do use that
okay and let we take this okay put that
there you sure this is going to work Mr
top yeah you're going to be right as
rain I like rain yep we can rebuild him
we have the technology what's that no
one watching this knows that reference
oh no it's the $6 man the that's that's
Chris's version the $6 man we got these
balloons at that's the Dollar Tree and
then we bought candy we have to blow
them up ourselves all right we're
looking good are we where's your other
foot oh where am I for that matter okay
do I have any of your parts on me shake
it shake them out no I'm okay where your
foot go dude Chris you're the one that
smoo stached it okay we'll just put this
potato will be your other foot I don't
want the potato for foot I don't care
what you want I don't want a potato I
don't have a potato for your I don't
want a potato oh man so lifelike here we
go it's like nothing ever happen we need
some more balloons there you go look at
them he's fun
look at you like my silly
walk it's a silly walk I like to walk
walk walk with my potato I like to I
think we're getting there a couple more
balloons to do it we remake up this is
you I like to walk walk walk with my
potato can I revive you you're alive
again Chris oh I wish I
wasn't that's it
uh-oh oh my God we
w w balloons Chris my potato and your
potatoes G and your butt was just in the
fire it's okay I have a hot butt dang it
so close to Greatness Chris who put that
wall there so close to Greatness so
close get so far no no no can I be there
we go there we go we got to see what
more we can do to this here voodoo doll
now we're going to put him at a safe
distance make Godzilla eat him oh that's
too boring we just put a grenade next to
it it pop the pin and hi Chris how are
you good how you doing man I Taco Bell
earlier excuse
[Music]
me
what what about that thing oh oh no so
uh something happened off
screen I what happens when you you don't
let a fart out don't hold your farts in
you'll blow up what's up squirt I ha
that think you're always taller than me
in this game feels me with so much oh
what's wrong little guy you okay so much
rage cannot heal you from down there
that's
it who's still now
a oh my God what is that what is that so
bouncy oh man we got we have to do crazy
experiments with this thing man I got
your
arm arm fight don't like this man oh no
me what if we that okay and now if we
got a little bit how making he kiss the
doll man kiss the doll don't walk to
kiss the doll kiss the doll oh yeah it
work hot in here oh it's really hot W it
wasn't me officer I lit this doll on
fire I don't know what happened to him
that's called plausible deniability look
it up I can't cuz I don't know how to
spell it that's why you can't or is it
cuz you're just goo video sponsored by
Goo it's a a lot of
it it's wet and it's sticky and it's
everywhere in my hair we can zoom in way
further than we used to be able to look
at this wa wow is that still your eye
yeah why can't we zoom in so much let's
look for our brain oh wow John don't put
the tumble John come on stop with the
tumble weeds more tumble weeds come on
go go more more more John more tumble
weeds oddly enough I was thinking about
tumble weeds how'd you know
all right all right here's what we'll do
all right put them on there okay and
then we take the doll what are you doing
and this Saturn five rocket got go
that's five got to go all the way didn't
know there was four more s all right go
what oh my goodness no you are not about
to do what I think you're going to do
man whoa whoa whoa whoa whoo just put
them right there all right now we just
got to see if something happens to Chris
you feeling okay yeah I'm feeling good
right now
rocket well it got me too but I think
exploded
first what did we die from the voodoo
doll or the explosion I think the voodoo
doll got you first and then I died you
couldn't live without me apparently I
knew it okay do do that again we got to
do that again five rocket This Kiss the
doll kiss the doll take him up here now
use rear this time okay there and there
oh yeah that turn five l
lunch Launch there goes oh oh okay yeah
it's going way faster now oh Chris what
happened oh and there he oh there's a
lot of cheese oo I got a little singed I
I've crusted it over you grew arms I
did look at
me I got arms and I'm crazy we take this
come on you now we take this rocket
launcher there and fire it let me take
the voodoo doll go and tape it to the
rocket launcher I don't like this at all
and slow motion enabled super slow
motion
oh you hit the all blew up you didn't
use rebar man
darn you got to use rebar a kiss you
right now the real test there yeah kiss
it kiss the doll I kiss the doll no
don't you do what I think you're doing
no don't do this man take the doll no I
don't want to do this man we go over
here no no no then say good night
dolly is that the Volcan let's see what
happens to Chris you know I'm feeling
pretty good man I don't feel you know
hot at all it is getting warm hold on oh
he's gone was he ever here you want to
see a magic trick oh silly leave a like
if you enjoyed think of more things we
should do to Chris's voodoo doll wow
Mama
Mia bye love you I think he went back to
Roblox yay it's pronounced Rob L is
Rubik sir it's pronounced Rob low